Fix various issues (#1707)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2020/accessibility.md

### Images and their text alternatives

> Images are an essential part of the web experience. They can add an enriched context to the surrounding textual information, and not just for sighted users. In 1995, [HTML2.0](https://www.w3.org/MarkUp/html-spec/html-spec_5.html#SEC5.10) introduced the `alt` attribute, enabling web authors to provide a text alternative for the visual information communicated in an image. A screen reader can convey its visual meaning aurally by announcing the image’s alternative text. Additionally if images are unable to load, the alternative text for a description will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images are an essential part of the web experience. They can add an enriched context to the surrounding textual information, and not just for sighted users. In 1995, [HTML 2.0](https://www.w3.org/MarkUp/html-spec/html-spec_5.html#SEC5.10) introduced the `alt` attribute, enabling web authors to provide a text alternative for the visual information communicated in an image. A screen reader can convey its visual meaning aurally by announcing the image’s alternative text. Additionally if images are unable to load, the alternative text for a description will be displayed.
```

##### The 5 Rules of ARIA (from [W3C’s Using Aria](https://www.w3.org/TR/using-aria/)):

> 1. If you can use a native HTML element [HTML5.1] or attribute with the semantics and behavior you require already built in, instead of repurposing an element and adding an ARIA role, state or property to make it accessible, then do so.

Reviewer: Could you revert the spacing changes for "HTML"? It uses a space in the spec: https://www.w3.org/TR/html51/ 
```suggestion
1. If you can use a native HTML element [HTML 5.1] or attribute with the semantics and behavior you require already built in, instead of repurposing an element and adding an ARIA role, state or property to make it accessible, then do so.
```

One of the most common ways that ARIA is used is by explicitly defining the role for an element, which communicates its purpose to assistive technology.

> HTML5 introduced many new native elements, all which have [implicit semantics](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#implicit_semantics), including roles. For example the `<nav>` element has an implicit `role="navigation"` and does not need to have this role added explicitly in order to convey its purpose information to assistive technology. Currently 64.54% of desktop pages have at least one instance of an ARIA role attribute. The median site has 2 instances of the `role` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML 5 introduced many new native elements, all which have [implicit semantics](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#implicit_semantics), including roles. For example the `<nav>` element has an implicit `role="navigation"` and does not need to have this role added explicitly in order to convey its purpose information to assistive technology. Currently 64.54% of desktop pages have at least one instance of an ARIA role attribute. The median site has 2 instances of the `role` attribute.
```

##### Navigation

> We found that 22.06% of desktop pages and 21.76% of mobile pages have at least one element with `role="navigation"`, which is a landmark role. Per the 1st rule of ARIA, rather than adding this role to an element, developers should be leveraging the HTML5 `<nav>` element which comes with the correct semantics implicitly. It is possible that this role has been added explicitly to the `<nav>` element, which would not be an accessibility issue, though it is redundant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We found that 22.06% of desktop pages and 21.76% of mobile pages have at least one element with `role="navigation"`, which is a landmark role. Per the 1st rule of ARIA, rather than adding this role to an element, developers should be leveraging the HTML 5 `<nav>` element which comes with the correct semantics implicitly. It is possible that this role has been added explicitly to the `<nav>` element, which would not be an accessibility issue, though it is redundant.
```
